c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\Log4Net.config
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\ado.exe.config
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\ado.exe
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\ado.pdb
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\obj\Debug\ado.exe
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\obj\Debug\ado.pdb
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\ado.exe.manifest
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\bin\Debug\ado.application
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\obj\Debug\ado.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\obj\Debug\ado.exe.manifest
c:\users\uri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ado\ado\obj\Debug\ado.application
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\ado.exe.config
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\obj\Debug\ado.exe
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\obj\Debug\ado.pdb
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\Log4Net.config
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\ado.exe.manifest
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\ado.application
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\ado.exe
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\ado.pdb
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\obj\Debug\ado.exe.manifest
C:\Users\uri\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\example\ado\obj\Debug\ado.application
